Use distinct semantics for distincting array functions (#22938)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/functions/array.rst

.. function:: array_intersect(x, y) -> array

    Returns an array of the elements in the intersection of ``x`` and ``y``, without duplicates.
    This function uses ``IS NOT DISTINCT FROM`` to determine which elements are the same. ::

        SELECT array_intersect(ARRAY[1, 2, 3, 2, null], ARRAY[1,2, 2, 4, null]) -- ARRAY[1, 2, null]

.. function:: array_intersect(array(array(E))) -> array(E)

    Returns an array of the elements in the intersection of all arrays in the given array, without duplicates.
    This function uses ``IS NOT DISTINCT FROM`` to determine which elements are the same. ::

        SELECT array_intersect(ARRAY[ARRAY[1, 2, 3, 2, null], ARRAY[1,2,2, 4, null], ARRAY [1, 2, 3, 4 null]])  -- ARRAY[1, 2, null]

.. function:: array_join(x, delimiter, null_replacement) -> varchar

    Concatenates the elements of the given array using the delimiter and an optional string to replace nulls.

.. function:: array_least_frequent(array(T)) -> array(T)

    Returns the least frequent non-null element of an array. If there are multiple elements with same frequency, the function returns the smallest element.

>     If the array has more than one element and any elements are ``ROWS`` with null fields or ``ARRAYS`` with null elements, an exception is returned ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the array has more than one element and any elements are ``ROWS`` with null fields or ``ARRAYS`` with null elements, an exception is returned. ::
```

        SELECT array_least_frequent(ARRAY[1, 0 , 5])  -- ARRAY[0]
        select array_least_frequent(ARRAY[1, null, 1]) -- ARRAY[1]
        select array_least_frequent(ARRAY[ROW(1,null), ROW(1, null)]) -- "map key cannot be null or contain nulls"

.. function:: array_least_frequent(array(T), n) -> array(T)

    Returns ``n`` least frequent non-null elements of an array. The elements are ordered in increasing order of their frequencies.

>     If two elements have same frequency, smaller elements will appear first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If two elements have the same frequency, smaller elements will appear first.
```

>     If the array has more than one element and any elements are ``ROWS`` with null fields or ``ARRAYS`` with null elements, an exception is returned ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the array has more than one element and any elements are ``ROWS`` with null fields or ``ARRAYS`` with null elements, an exception is returned. ::
```

.. function:: array_sort(x) -> array

    Sorts and returns the array ``x``. The elements of ``x`` must be orderable.

>     Null elements are be placed at the end of the returned array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Null elements are placed at the end of the returned array.
```

>     Null elements will be placed at the end of the returned array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Null elements are placed at the end of the returned array.
```

.. function:: array_sort_desc(x) -> array

    Returns the ``array`` sorted in the descending order. Elements of the ``array`` must be orderable.

>     Null elements are be placed at the end of the returned array. ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Null elements are placed at the end of the returned array. ::
```

Author: ah sorry. should have been more careful when updating this.

>     Null elements will be placed at the end of the returned array. ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Null elements are placed at the end of the returned array. ::
```
